feat: Feature flag to disable calls to Hub and `discovery.yml` outside of `add` and `discover` (#7097)
meltano/meltano: docs/src/_reference/settings.md

- Default: `False`

Causes an exception to be raised if an environment variable is used within the project's Meltano configuration but that environment variable is not set.

### <a name="ff-plugin-locks-required"></a>`ff.plugin_locks_required`

- [Environment variable](/guide/configuration#configuring-settings): `MELTANO_FF_PLUGIN_LOCKS_REQUIRED`
- Default: `False`

> When this flag is enabled, plugins will not be lookup up outside of `meltano add` and `meltano discover` operations. So, for example, calling `meltano run` will fail if a [lock file](/concepts/plugins#lock-artifacts) is not present for one of the plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this flag is enabled, plugins will only use [lock files](/concepts/plugins#lock-artifacts) to determine the settings, installation source, etc with the exception of the `meltano add` and `meltano discover` operations. This means that calling `meltano run` will fail if a lock file is not present for one of the plugins.
```
